I'm Tom Bruick. I am the Sheet Metal Division Manager for Olson
Roofing Company. The client is Drake Construction Company.
They are the builder of choice for the Arhaus furniture stores.
There are three different products that we installed, the aluminum composite panel,
the core 10 10 gauge panel, and the sun
shades. That complements well with, there's some Brazilian oak that was done by
another trade, and there was some stone that was done by a mason, along with the
glass and glazing. So it all kind of blends in and
creates this really unique, multifaceted product
installation, and it's a sharp looking, modern looking building.
To make all that go together and blend and mesh well, our
superintendent, Bob Whippo, and our foreman on the site, Juan Rangel,
performed spectacularly and were able to make
everything flow and go with zero remakes on this project.
It was fantastic. It was a great team effort.
Drake Construction and Metal Edge, Olson Roofing worked very well together.